Update metrics supplementary guidelines to use the term Additive Property (#2583)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/supplementary-guidelines.md

* I want to **record** or **time** something, and the **statistics** about this
  thing are likely to be meaningful - use a [Histogram](./api.md#histogram).
* I want to **measure** something (by reporting an absolute value):

>   * If the measurement values DO NOT follow the [Additive property](#additive-property), use

Reviewer: Using the additive property as an adjective as described in the sentence seems to make more sense here.

```suggestion
  * If the measurement are [non-additive](#additive-property), use
```

Author: I have updated the text.

    an [Asynchronous Gauge](./api.md#asynchronous-gauge).

>   * If the measurement values follow the [Additive property](#additive-property):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If the measurement are [additive](#additive-property):
```

Author: I have updated the text.
